guy show you how to get off the mark
from riding a bike for the first time
so now you're riding along and you're in
first gear don't have that up or
down the gear now and you've already
done the hardest part which is getting
the bike off the mark without stalling
it so the rest should be pretty easy for
you now and quite simply you do exactly
the same thing as you do when getting
off the mark but because you're already
moving it's easier to do and again I
will show you how to do this there's
three three four and how you look at it
key things that you need to remember how
to do first one is pull the clutch in
number two shift either up or down with
your left left leg on the gear shifter
and then number three as you're
releasing the clutch out back out give
it a little bit of acceleration and
throttle to bring the revs back up and
match and that is it that really is a
old do that for you now
as we're coming up to around about you
can see reduce your speed so I'm going
to do that and I'm going to pull in my
clutch and shift down and then let out
the giver Russell again as I that out
the clutch ready so clutch in shift down
and letting out the clutch and
acceleration and that's it and you can
do that you do that repeatedly until you
get down back to first or why we gear
you want to be in store it again cuts in
shift down and release and you obviously
get quicker at doing this as you get to
know the bike
so that's shifting around I wanted to
shift up you have to make sure that you
have sufficient revs so you can actually
shift up easily so as I'm doing now oh
hang on till you get round this corner
but just slow down certain depth
right so ready to upset you need to
accelerate a bit you already cut in kick
up and release again
I remember as you're letting the clutch
go back out again you need to roll on a
bit of throttle not too much but
smoothly try ideally you want to make
you want to make it a smooth process and
it will be smooth in no time when you
get used to it it's just learning but
that takes that's the difficulty so if
you let it out too fast the bike will
probably jerk a bit but nothing too
major should happen
so once again to shift back down quickly
I'm going to pull in my clutch I'm going
to shift down now as i'm releasing the
clutch i'm going to give it more
acceleration and the
and it's perfectly acceptable to shift
down twice before letting out the clutch
if you need to slow down a bit quicker
rather than going through the gears I
prefer to go to the gears when when I
can and because that way if the traffic
starts moving again for example you're
not haven't shifted down too many gears
still know what gear you're in and you
don't have a hard time getting getting
yourself back on track
so when learning sip shift down one by
one because that way you'll get more
practice it that releasing the clutch on
the clutch in and it'll become second
nature in no time and then you have a
little bit more experience if you know
what you're doing if you do but light
see if it's definitely going to be read
for a while you can sit down twice and
then release I mean all that happens is
that you just let the clutch out after
you kick down twice again
Oh guys thanks very much for watching my
videos on how to ride a bike for the
first time I hope that you were able to
learn something and I wasn't too
confusing for you if you have any
questions or comments please shout it
out them in the comments below and I try
and answer them or you can use me for
not being very good teacher but yeah
thanks for watching and I'll see you
again soon
you